docs/ami-ids.md, before:

# Terraform Enterprise AMI IDs

Below are the AMI IDs for each Terraform Enterprise release.

Once your AWS Account is granted launch permissions, these AMI IDs should be
used as inputs to the Terraform configuration in this repository for launching
Terraform Enterprise.

See also the [CHANGELOG](../CHANGELOG.md).

If you wish to use an AMI with encrypted EBS snapshots, you'll need to make
a private copy. We have documented that procedure in [Encrypted AMI](encrypt-ami.md).

### NOTE

The `v201707-1` and `v201707-2` releases have issues with being used to upgrade
from previous releases. Best to skip them entirely.

| TFE Release                                | Region        | AMI ID         |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------- | -------------- |
| **[v201703-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201703-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4844d128` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-0273cd14` |
| **[v201703-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201703-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-a664f0c6` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-a5dc66b3` |
| **[v201704-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201704-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-f81e8898` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-20ab2836` |
| **[v201704-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201704-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-3be5785b` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-a0b222b6` |
| **[v201704-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201704-3)** | us-west-2     | `ami-8471ede4` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-33841b25` |
| **[v201705-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201705-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-966105f6` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-38d2a22e` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-c120a4a0` |
| **[v201705-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201705-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4d70102d` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-518ecf47` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-48fb7c29` |
| **[v201706-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-f00d6190` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-46530450` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-5151d630` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-14c3d372` |
| **[v201706-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-c0353ab9` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-cef6a6d8` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-176ceb76` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-c4e0f3a2` |
| **[v201706-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-3)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4a010f33` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-27623d31` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-13028572` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-0869746e` |
| **[v201706-4](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-4)** | us-west-2     | `ami-0c5c4a75` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-dcbb8aca` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-d0ab2db1` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-b72ecbce` |
| ~~**[v201707-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201707-1)**~~ | us-west-2     | `ami-e8d7c991` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-91dc83ea` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-37870656` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-90d833e9` |
| ~~**[v201707-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201707-2)**~~ | us-west-2     | `ami-830218fa` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-dbda85a0` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-e764e586` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-53d3382a` |
| **[v201708-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201708-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-0585657d` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-42311839` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-04e16165` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-d7f607ae` |
| **[v201708-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201708-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-3cb95444` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-6d4f7c16` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-ff9e1e9e` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-8133c1f8` |
| **[v201709-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201709-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4b15e533` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-c7ff1bbd` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-6950d308` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-039f5c7a` |
| **[v201709-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201709-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-7abe4602` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-69738113` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-5efd7f3f` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-425a913b` |
| **[v201709-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201709-3)** | us-west-2     | `ami-d63bc3ae` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-dece37a4` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-ad9d1fcc` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-ba2ffac3` |
| **[v201711-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201711-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-36b8734e` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-4cd37b36` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-0e018c6f` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-1164c568` |
| **[v201712-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201712-1)** | us-west-1     | `ami-540a0f34` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-a53e9bdd` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-6dbd320c` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-8e8fedf4` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-a27dc5db` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-fdeef099` |
| **[v201712-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201712-2)** | us-west-1     | `ami-9f0f08ff` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-0c319274` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-e83db289` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-fbf48881` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-20af2f59` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-57243d33` |
| **[v201801-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201801-1)** | us-west-1     | `ami-94e7e4f4` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-bf68dec7` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-93da53f2` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-5cf3d726` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-0225b87b` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-34687350` |
| **[v201801-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201801-2)** | us-west-1     | `ami-73e1e313` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-f70dbe8f` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-e3aa2382` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-c9e9c7b3` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-dd6bf3a4` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-26fde642` |
| ~~**[v201802-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201802-1)**~~ | us-west-1     | `ami-eb6e608b` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-b78106cf` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-26ad2547` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-b7e2eacd` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-bce78fc5` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-7d8d681a` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1| `ami-76a5e50a` |
| **[v201802-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201802-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-0dd2db6d` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-4535b63d` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-17169e76` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-eb100e91` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-eaf48793` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-4975902e` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-d790ddab` |
| **[v201802-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201802-3)** | us-west-1      | `ami-835258e3` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-506be028` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-3e67ec5f` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-c1d92ebc` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-1ed59267` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-4f49ad28` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-08276d74` |
| **[v201804-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201804-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-292b3b49` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-12e5826a` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-0372e762` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-9b79d7e6` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-5559002c` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-5d78993a` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-efb79293` |
| **[v201804-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201804-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-292b3b49` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-12e5826a` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-0372e762` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-9b79d7e6` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-5559002c` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-5d78993a` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-efb79293` |
| **[v201804-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201804-3)** | us-west-1      | `ami-ebfdef8b` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-f3167a8b` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-fa81159b` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-68df7217` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-a4d9f8dd` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-86be5de1` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-bd4062c1` |
| **[v201805-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201805-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-c9edf1a9` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-8c4337f4` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-309b0c51` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-357cc74a` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-5edbf327` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-a9f311ce` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-c4a78fb8` |
| **[v201806-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201806-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-4f26c32c` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-61afe919` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-7571e014` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-50f7882f` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-bb6969c2` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-7839d61f` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-03251f7f` |
| **[v201806-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201806-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-43bf5920` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-99ce80e1` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-ff79e99e` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-2fc69050` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-98484772` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-abbc55cc` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-b9eeedc5` |
| **[v201807-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201807-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-90ff1df3` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-c46439bc` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-d1e97bb0` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-85f9c7fa` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-21b1adcb` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-c625cea1` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-dd780237` |
| **[v201807-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201807-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-efb05d8c` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-ffb0ef87` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-4744d626` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-fa333485` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-abc9d041` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-c0a248a7` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-221256c8` |
| **[v201808-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201808-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-410ce322`          |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-37fdda4f`          |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-d68c10b7`          |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-58342c27`          |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-03b0b941377d5e4f5` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-05e816ee`          |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-00dda0493c3aa6179` |

Commit message:

docs: Add deprecation/EOL notice to README and all docs pages

docs/ami-ids.md, after:

# Terraform Enterprise AMI IDs

-----

## Deprecation warning:

The Terraform Enterprise AMI is no longer actively developed as of 201808-1 and will be fully decommissioned on November 30, 2018. As part of this deprecation, the modules and documentation in this repo are now unmaintained.

Please see our [Migration Guide](https://www.terraform.io/docs/enterprise/private/migrate.html) to migrate to the new Private Terraform Enterprise Installer.

-----

Below are the AMI IDs for each Terraform Enterprise release.

Once your AWS Account is granted launch permissions, these AMI IDs should be
used as inputs to the Terraform configuration in this repository for launching
Terraform Enterprise.

See also the [CHANGELOG](../CHANGELOG.md).

If you wish to use an AMI with encrypted EBS snapshots, you'll need to make
a private copy. We have documented that procedure in [Encrypted AMI](encrypt-ami.md).

### NOTE

The `v201707-1` and `v201707-2` releases have issues with being used to upgrade
from previous releases. Best to skip them entirely.

| TFE Release                                | Region        | AMI ID         |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------- | -------------- |
| **[v201703-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201703-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4844d128` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-0273cd14` |
| **[v201703-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201703-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-a664f0c6` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-a5dc66b3` |
| **[v201704-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201704-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-f81e8898` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-20ab2836` |
| **[v201704-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201704-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-3be5785b` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-a0b222b6` |
| **[v201704-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201704-3)** | us-west-2     | `ami-8471ede4` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-33841b25` |
| **[v201705-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201705-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-966105f6` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-38d2a22e` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-c120a4a0` |
| **[v201705-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201705-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4d70102d` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-518ecf47` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-48fb7c29` |
| **[v201706-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-f00d6190` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-46530450` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-5151d630` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-14c3d372` |
| **[v201706-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-c0353ab9` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-cef6a6d8` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-176ceb76` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-c4e0f3a2` |
| **[v201706-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-3)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4a010f33` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-27623d31` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-13028572` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-0869746e` |
| **[v201706-4](../CHANGELOG.md#v201706-4)** | us-west-2     | `ami-0c5c4a75` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-dcbb8aca` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-d0ab2db1` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-b72ecbce` |
| ~~**[v201707-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201707-1)**~~ | us-west-2     | `ami-e8d7c991` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-91dc83ea` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-37870656` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-90d833e9` |
| ~~**[v201707-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201707-2)**~~ | us-west-2     | `ami-830218fa` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-dbda85a0` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-e764e586` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-53d3382a` |
| **[v201708-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201708-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-0585657d` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-42311839` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-04e16165` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-d7f607ae` |
| **[v201708-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201708-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-3cb95444` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-6d4f7c16` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-ff9e1e9e` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-8133c1f8` |
| **[v201709-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201709-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-4b15e533` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-c7ff1bbd` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-6950d308` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-039f5c7a` |
| **[v201709-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201709-2)** | us-west-2     | `ami-7abe4602` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-69738113` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-5efd7f3f` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-425a913b` |
| **[v201709-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201709-3)** | us-west-2     | `ami-d63bc3ae` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-dece37a4` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-ad9d1fcc` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-ba2ffac3` |
| **[v201711-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201711-1)** | us-west-2     | `ami-36b8734e` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-4cd37b36` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-0e018c6f` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-1164c568` |
| **[v201712-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201712-1)** | us-west-1     | `ami-540a0f34` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-a53e9bdd` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-6dbd320c` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-8e8fedf4` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-a27dc5db` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-fdeef099` |
| **[v201712-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201712-2)** | us-west-1     | `ami-9f0f08ff` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-0c319274` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-e83db289` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-fbf48881` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-20af2f59` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-57243d33` |
| **[v201801-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201801-1)** | us-west-1     | `ami-94e7e4f4` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-bf68dec7` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-93da53f2` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-5cf3d726` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-0225b87b` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-34687350` |
| **[v201801-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201801-2)** | us-west-1     | `ami-73e1e313` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-f70dbe8f` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-e3aa2382` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-c9e9c7b3` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-dd6bf3a4` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-26fde642` |
| ~~**[v201802-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201802-1)**~~ | us-west-1     | `ami-eb6e608b` |
|                                            | us-west-2     | `ami-b78106cf` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1 | `ami-26ad2547` |
|                                            | us-east-1     | `ami-b7e2eacd` |
|                                            | eu-west-1     | `ami-bce78fc5` |
|                                            | eu-west-2     | `ami-7d8d681a` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1| `ami-76a5e50a` |
| **[v201802-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201802-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-0dd2db6d` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-4535b63d` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-17169e76` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-eb100e91` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-eaf48793` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-4975902e` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-d790ddab` |
| **[v201802-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201802-3)** | us-west-1      | `ami-835258e3` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-506be028` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-3e67ec5f` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-c1d92ebc` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-1ed59267` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-4f49ad28` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-08276d74` |
| **[v201804-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201804-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-292b3b49` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-12e5826a` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-0372e762` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-9b79d7e6` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-5559002c` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-5d78993a` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-efb79293` |
| **[v201804-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201804-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-292b3b49` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-12e5826a` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-0372e762` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-9b79d7e6` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-5559002c` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-5d78993a` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-efb79293` |
| **[v201804-3](../CHANGELOG.md#v201804-3)** | us-west-1      | `ami-ebfdef8b` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-f3167a8b` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-fa81159b` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-68df7217` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-a4d9f8dd` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-86be5de1` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-bd4062c1` |
| **[v201805-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201805-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-c9edf1a9` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-8c4337f4` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-309b0c51` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-357cc74a` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-5edbf327` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-a9f311ce` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-c4a78fb8` |
| **[v201806-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201806-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-4f26c32c` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-61afe919` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-7571e014` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-50f7882f` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-bb6969c2` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-7839d61f` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-03251f7f` |
| **[v201806-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201806-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-43bf5920` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-99ce80e1` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-ff79e99e` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-2fc69050` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-98484772` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-abbc55cc` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-b9eeedc5` |
| **[v201807-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201807-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-90ff1df3` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-c46439bc` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-d1e97bb0` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-85f9c7fa` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-21b1adcb` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-c625cea1` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-dd780237` |
| **[v201807-2](../CHANGELOG.md#v201807-2)** | us-west-1      | `ami-efb05d8c` |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-ffb0ef87` |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-4744d626` |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-fa333485` |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-abc9d041` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-c0a248a7` |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-221256c8` |
| **[v201808-1](../CHANGELOG.md#v201808-1)** | us-west-1      | `ami-410ce322`          |
|                                            | us-west-2      | `ami-37fdda4f`          |
|                                            | us-gov-west-1  | `ami-d68c10b7`          |
|                                            | us-east-1      | `ami-58342c27`          |
|                                            | eu-west-1      | `ami-03b0b941377d5e4f5` |
|                                            | eu-west-2      | `ami-05e816ee`          |
|                                            | ap-southeast-1 | `ami-00dda0493c3aa6179` |
