docs/logs.md, before:

# Terraform Enterprise Logs

This document contains information about interacting with Terraform Enterprise logs.

## Application-level Logs

Terraform Enterprise's applcation-level services all log to CloudWatch logs, with one stream per service. The stream names take the format:

```
{hostname}-{servicename}
```

Where `hostname` is the fqdn you provided when setting up TFE, and `servicename` is the name of the service whose logs can be found in the stream. More information about each service can be found in [`tfe-architecture`](tfe-architecture.md).

For example, if your TFE installation is available at `tfe.mycompany.io`, you'll find CloudWatch Log streams like the following:

```
tfe.mycompany.io-atlas-frontend
tfe.mycompany.io-atlas-worker
tfe.mycompany.io-binstore
tfe.mycompany.io-logstream
tfe.mycompany.io-packer-build-manager
tfe.mycompany.io-packer-build-worker
tfe.mycompany.io-slug-extract
tfe.mycompany.io-slug-ingress
tfe.mycompany.io-slug-merge
tfe.mycompany.io-storagelocker
tfe.mycompany.io-terraform-build-manager
tfe.mycompany.io-terraform-build-worker
tfe.mycompany.io-terraform-state-parser
```

CloudWatch logs can be searched, filtered, and read from either from the AWS Web Console or (recommended) the command line [`awslogs`](https://github.com/jorgebastida/awslogs) tool.

## System-level Logs

All other system-level logs can be found in the standard locations for an Ubuntu 16.04 system.

Commit message:

docs: Add deprecation/EOL notice to README and all docs pages

docs/logs.md, after:

# Terraform Enterprise Logs

-----

## Deprecation warning:

The Terraform Enterprise AMI is no longer actively developed as of 201808-1 and will be fully decommissioned on November 30, 2018. As part of this deprecation, the modules and documentation in this repo are now unmaintained.

Please see our [Migration Guide](https://www.terraform.io/docs/enterprise/private/migrate.html) to migrate to the new Private Terraform Enterprise Installer.

-----

This document contains information about interacting with Terraform Enterprise logs.

## Application-level Logs

Terraform Enterprise's applcation-level services all log to CloudWatch logs, with one stream per service. The stream names take the format:

```
{hostname}-{servicename}
```

Where `hostname` is the fqdn you provided when setting up TFE, and `servicename` is the name of the service whose logs can be found in the stream. More information about each service can be found in [`tfe-architecture`](tfe-architecture.md).

For example, if your TFE installation is available at `tfe.mycompany.io`, you'll find CloudWatch Log streams like the following:

```
tfe.mycompany.io-atlas-frontend
tfe.mycompany.io-atlas-worker
tfe.mycompany.io-binstore
tfe.mycompany.io-logstream
tfe.mycompany.io-packer-build-manager
tfe.mycompany.io-packer-build-worker
tfe.mycompany.io-slug-extract
tfe.mycompany.io-slug-ingress
tfe.mycompany.io-slug-merge
tfe.mycompany.io-storagelocker
tfe.mycompany.io-terraform-build-manager
tfe.mycompany.io-terraform-build-worker
tfe.mycompany.io-terraform-state-parser
```

CloudWatch logs can be searched, filtered, and read from either from the AWS Web Console or (recommended) the command line [`awslogs`](https://github.com/jorgebastida/awslogs) tool.

## System-level Logs

All other system-level logs can be found in the standard locations for an Ubuntu 16.04 system.
